src/content/work/website/bitcointest.md, before:

---
title: Modern Dashboard
publishDate: 2023-11-20 00:00:00
number: 13
img: /assets/myprojects/CryptoVision-Modern-Cryptocurrency-Dashboard_optimized.webp
img_alt: Modern dashboard interface with sidebar navigation and modular components
github: https://github.com/ansetechnoapp/bitcointest
liveDemo: https://bitcointest.vercel.app/
device: web
description: |
  A versatile and modern dashboard application built with Next.js, featuring a modular design that can be adapted for blockchain applications, data management, and various business needs.
tags:
  - UI/UX
  - Dashboard
  - Frontend
tech:
  - Next.js
  - React
  - Tailwind CSS
  - shadcn/ui
  - Vercel
additionalImages:
  - url: /assets/myprojects/CryptoVision-Modern-Cryptocurrency-Dashboard(1)_optimized.webp
    alt: Land registry module interface
---

> Modern Dashboard Application

Cette application correspond à un tableau de bord (dashboard) moderne, typiquement construit avec Next.js et hébergé sur Vercel. Elle illustre un exemple de dashboard polyvalent, pouvant servir à des applications blockchain ou de gestion de données, avec une interface claire et responsive.

## Structure générale

- Un layout principal avec une barre latérale (sidebar) pour la navigation.
- Des pages dédiées à différentes fonctionnalités ou modules, par exemple : registre foncier, chaîne d'approvisionnement, dossiers de santé, identité numérique.

## Exemple de module : Registre foncier

Trois options principales sont proposées :

1. **Enregistrer un terrain** : Formulaire de saisie des détails du terrain
2. **Transférer un terrain** : Formulaire pour changer le propriétaire
3. **Afficher les détails d'un terrain** : Recherche et affichage des informations

## Technologies et design

- Utilisation de composants modernes (par exemple shadcn/ui) pour une expérience utilisateur cohérente.
- Adaptabilité sur mobile et desktop.
- Possibilité d'ajouter des fonctionnalités avancées : authentification, gestion d'état, interactions blockchain, etc.

Ce type de dashboard est pensé pour être facilement extensible et personnalisable selon les besoins spécifiques du projet, qu'il s'agisse de gestion de données, de suivi de transactions blockchain ou d'autres applications métiers.

Commit message:

feat: Add ImageGallery, Modal, ProjectFeatures, MenuLinks, and TabbedInterface components with enhanced styles
- Implemented ImageGallery component for displaying images in a grid with lightbox functionality.
- Created Modal component for displaying content in a modal overlay with escape key support.
- Developed ProjectFeatures component to showcase project features with detail modals.
- Added MenuLinks component for navigation links with icons based on the current page.
- Introduced TabbedInterface component for tabbed navigation with dynamic content display.
- Enhanced styles for blog and components, including responsive adjustments and animations.

src/content/work/website/bitcointest.md, after:

---
title: Modern Dashboard
publishDate: 2023-11-20 00:00:00
number: 13
img: /assets/myprojects/CryptoVision-Modern-Cryptocurrency-Dashboard_optimized.webp
img_alt: Modern dashboard interface with sidebar navigation and modular components
github: https://github.com/ansetechnoapp/bitcointest
liveDemo: https://bitcointest.vercel.app/
device: web
description: |
  A versatile and modern dashboard application built with Next.js, featuring a modular design that can be adapted for blockchain applications, data management, and various business needs.
tags:
  - UI/UX
  - Dashboard
  - Frontend
tech:
  - Next.js
  - React
  - Tailwind CSS
  - shadcn/ui
  - Vercel
additionalImages:
  - url: /assets/myprojects/CryptoVision-Modern-Cryptocurrency-Dashboard(1)_optimized.webp
    alt: Land registry module interface
  - url: /assets/myprojects/CryptoVision-Modern-Cryptocurrency-Dashboard_optimized.webp
    alt: Dashboard overview with analytics
features:
  - id: "modular-design"
    title: "Modular Architecture"
    description: "Built with reusable components for easy customization and scalability"
    details: "The dashboard features a completely modular architecture built with React components. Each module can be independently developed, tested, and deployed. This approach allows for easy customization of the interface based on specific business needs, whether it's for cryptocurrency tracking, land registry management, or general data visualization."
    technologies: ["React", "TypeScript", "Component Library"]
  - id: "responsive-ui"
    title: "Responsive Design"
    description: "Fully responsive interface that works seamlessly across all devices"
    details: "The dashboard is designed with a mobile-first approach, ensuring optimal user experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile devices. The layout automatically adapts to different screen sizes while maintaining functionality and visual appeal."
    technologies: ["Tailwind CSS", "Responsive Design", "Mobile-First"]
  - id: "data-visualization"
    title: "Advanced Data Visualization"
    description: "Interactive charts and graphs for comprehensive data analysis"
    details: "Integrated with modern charting libraries to provide interactive data visualization capabilities. Users can view trends, analyze patterns, and make data-driven decisions through intuitive charts, graphs, and real-time data displays."
    technologies: ["Chart.js", "D3.js", "Real-time Updates"]
  - id: "user-management"
    title: "User Management System"
    description: "Complete user authentication and role-based access control"
    details: "Comprehensive user management system with authentication, authorization, and role-based access control. Supports multiple user types with different permission levels, ensuring secure access to sensitive data and functionality."
    technologies: ["NextAuth.js", "JWT", "Role-based Access"]
---

> Modern Dashboard Application

Cette application correspond à un tableau de bord (dashboard) moderne, typiquement construit avec Next.js et hébergé sur Vercel. Elle illustre un exemple de dashboard polyvalent, pouvant servir à des applications blockchain ou de gestion de données, avec une interface claire et responsive.

## Structure générale

- Un layout principal avec une barre latérale (sidebar) pour la navigation.
- Des pages dédiées à différentes fonctionnalités ou modules, par exemple : registre foncier, chaîne d'approvisionnement, dossiers de santé, identité numérique.

## Exemple de module : Registre foncier

Trois options principales sont proposées :

1. **Enregistrer un terrain** : Formulaire de saisie des détails du terrain
2. **Transférer un terrain** : Formulaire pour changer le propriétaire
3. **Afficher les détails d'un terrain** : Recherche et affichage des informations

## Technologies et design

- Utilisation de composants modernes (par exemple shadcn/ui) pour une expérience utilisateur cohérente.
- Adaptabilité sur mobile et desktop.
- Possibilité d'ajouter des fonctionnalités avancées : authentification, gestion d'état, interactions blockchain, etc.

Ce type de dashboard est pensé pour être facilement extensible et personnalisable selon les besoins spécifiques du projet, qu'il s'agisse de gestion de données, de suivi de transactions blockchain ou d'autres applications métiers.
